---
title: My resume
teaser: More information about me.
category: intro
tags: [English major, education, TEM4]

---

Wu Pingpin 

Primary School English Teacher          1670297824@qq.com 

Chongqing                                                13060200310

## Summary

Familiar with office skills, good at making PPT. Like to make friends with children, with affinity.

## Campus Experience

### Serving as a party building office officer

Responsible for assessing the work of the Inspectorate, completing the tasks of the Youth League Committee, and organizing students to conduct political studies. Assist teachers in completing daily school affairs, including college meetings, teacher benefits, etc.

### Calligraphic society member

Regularly participate in calligraphy competitions, keep calligraphy practice tools, and organize members to clean the calligraphy room regularly.

## Education

### Bachelor English Foreign Language and Literature College

Chongqing University of Education, Chongqing(2016 – 2019)

### Certificate:

English (TEM-4), English (CET-4) 

Mandarin certification

#### Honours/Awards:

Third-class scholarship

School-level "Class Psychology Home" Excellence Award

Excellent Officer of Party Building Office

#### Related courses:

Comprehensive English

English Listening and Speaking

English Reading and Writing

## Additional Information

In University, actively participate in various activities, such as  "The 3rd Kite Design Competition","Ruiyi Cup Big Data Competition". Like sports, such as playing table tennis. And raising tortoises, just like taking care of children, requires care and patience.

---

[^1]: 
    Such as footnotes.

[kd]: http://kramdown.gettalong.org/
[rd]: https://github.com/davidfstr/rdiscount
[rc]: https://github.com/vmg/redcarpet
[kds]: https://kramdown.gettalong.org/syntax.html
